the doctor and town man show you know we
got a great episode today someone's
really going to have to take the dead
cat out of the garage on this one yeah a
few years back I was on the mic albin
show and I met two fine young gentlemen
one of those gentlemen was Brian Brian
how you doing I'm doing great how are
you doing great wealth fabulous now
right I'd like you to explain a little
something about why you're on the show
and what it had to do with your friend
colby well see kobe you know i'm known
code for a long time is that he's having
a problem trying to admit the fact that
he's a nice guy right so I brought him
on the mic out when show to get your
help on trying to get him to admit to
the fact that he's a nice guy why and he
came to revelation that not only was he
a nice guy but the fact that he was a
nice guy he was never going to get a
woman yeah and we came up with some
alternative things that he could do with
his time so that he would be distracted
from not getting any sex correct exactly
and did you implement those things into
his life yeah I introduced him to comic
books and PlayStation and like Lord of
the Rings and Star Wars right and
unfortunately there was a bit of a back
turn there's a problem with this right
it didn't go as smoothly as we hoped
right not even close to going smoothly
well let's stop explaining and let's
show at you let's bring in Colby Colby
come on in here
oh you know as a therapist I hate to
rush to judgment and make a quick
diagonals but I think I'm beginning to
see the problem here Kobe's joined the
dark side hasn't he yeah pretty much
Kobe what possessed you to join the most
evil force in all the universe because
evil will always triumph over good
because good dog good is dumb I'm
beginning to see this this is reaction
to the fact that he's a nice guy and
good never gave him any woman so he's
trying to revert back right how did this
begin tell us the progression of this
this symptom well after the show last
time we we went out till to luncheon and
I brought some colouring books with me
and and we looked him over and then I'm
like well you know let's go see you know
Star Wars movie and so we went over to
the house and we watched Star Wars and
and and then he was like you know we
kind of watched the next one and and
then he would pause it on the Darth
Vader parts and he would look strangely
at the screen and it's freaking me out
Kobe do you see where this is a defense
mechanism to hide behind the fact that
you're lonely I am NOT lonely and fact
hey there will be no Chokin on this set
this is my circle and there will be
respect take that alrighty Colby you got
to understand something that not only
have you built a metaphorical mask
you've took it to the next level of
stupidity and actually wearing a real
mask you got to come to terms with this
here boy no I don't know what you're
talking about this this is fused to my
face dear Lord Ryan how long has this
been going on ever since the last show
almost the day after oh dear Lord um you
want to still help him right I I think
it's still possible I mean you are a
great friend and luckily I you know I've
only saw him for an hour but I think
there's some ways we can solve it
there's several different techniques we
could use and explore first there's a
group therapy in fact there's a great
one going on right now with Dracula
Hannibal Lecter and
the guy one of those bad villains from
Batman I can't remember who it could be
a real progression for you here secondly
is viagra that's very effective and
sometimes and things like this and
thirdly and most importantly and I think
this will work out the best is the gold
fashion lightsaber to head Chloe no Ryan
take take off my mask are you crazy that
would kill you it's too late for that
mall right he was right all along and in
fact so what's your sister selling her
no sister you bastard okay I think we
made some real progress today all right
now you parents out there might be
concerned that your kids are joining a
dark side let me give you three things
to be concerned about it did show you if
your kids are jointed dark side up
number three is he starts to wear a lot
of black now this could also lead to him
being a cure fan or a goth boy there's
nothing you can do about that they're
doomed after that number to their voice
starts to sound like James Earl Jones
this is a big indication that they've
joined the dark side and of course the
number one thing that indicates that
your child's joined the dark side they
switched their toothpaste from crest to
aim alright that's all for the doctor
anti man show we'll see you next week
Oh